no she hasn't arrived yet
i've been waiting for her for over an
hour i think she's been shopping
what's the matter you don't look too
well
nothing really
don't lie to me i've known you for 10
years
listen jack i i really don't want to
speak about it
okay no it's not okay
we have to speak about the situation and
clear the air once and for all
i've been thinking about us a lot
i've been thinking about it so much i i
haven't slept well in nights
what have you been thinking jack
about us you're leaving for japan
i've told you before and i'll tell you
again sharon it's crazy
you can't leave now when when we know
how we feel
jackie you're repeating yourself that's
right
and i'll continue repeating myself until
you accept the truth
we're made for each other
stop it you're embarrassing me
sharon listen
i haven't stopped loving you and i know
you feel the same about me
that's it i said stop it and i meant it
look you've made me cry
and anyhow how do our feelings change
anything
how do they change anything they change
everything
you must tell peter immediately about
tell him you won't go
i'm so happy
i knew you felt the same way about me
hey is anyone in there oh my
god it's peter he he can't see me like
this
stay calm maybe it's time we tell him
everything
jack sharon
what are you doing here i've been
looking for you for half an hour
hey what's the matter you've been crying
are you going to explain to me what's
going on or not
peter listen calm down i'm not gonna
calm down
i want answers and i want them now
what's going on
here that's what i'd like to know jack
and sharon have been here for who knows
how long and who knows what they've been
doing
hey jack it's time you tell me what's up
i'm gonna get really mad if i don't get
some answers
okay stop stop
you're acting like little children
come on jack let's leave peter and
sharon
alone they need to talk
and and we need to go shopping
so shane what's going on
peter i have to tell you something i've
never told you before
i've known jack for a long time we went
to the same university together
and well
we were once engaged what
so that's why jack came to live here
you've been seeing each other haven't
you sharon no peter
i swear it's true we just happened to
meet him here
it happened by chance by chance that's a
strange stroke of luck
just enough to bring back some old
passionate feelings
how long has this been going on sharon
nothing has happened between jack and i
even if i do
still have some feelings for him
after all peter you've been neglecting
me for months
the only thing that's important to you
is your work
you live eat and drink theater and
nothing else
so you're saying this is my fault no one
is at fault
it's just that we want different things
from life at the moment
i've had two interviews with the
director of the archaeology museum
they want to open an art exhibition and
they've offered me a job
do you understand peter
it means a job i would really love
what are you getting at sharon
would you stay here and not go to japan
if i asked you
what kind of question is that
answer me peter it's important
i've accepted the job without asking me
how could you did you ask me about japan
did you peter huh
are you willing to stay here with me
i uh i can't sharon
this is my big chance
you see peter i'm right nothing
is more important to you than your
success
so it's just you and me isn't it anne
well really it's
just me all alone
are you still angry no
i was just joking of course
it'll be difficult to forget a man like
you
you're just pulling my leg now aren't
you in
i wanted to say
if it had been a a different time in my
life or
if there weren't sharon
maybe we would or rather
maybe we could
too many ifs jack
anyway i'm happy for both you and sharon
really you know i adore love stories
with happy endings
hey don't jump to conclusions
sharon just left peter okay
let things take their natural course
you know as alice would say if she were
here
i really miss her craziness and her
jokes
the house just isn't the same without
her that's true
she always had something to say
i
i miss so many things
like peter i even miss his singing
exercises
but they were awful our poor ears
i know but i was used to them
by the way how did things turn out in
the end between you two
pretty well like well we
we had a long talk and
he understood it really wasn't my fault
that it was inevitable
peter was just too involved with his
career to
notice sharon's needs and desires
let's just say i took advantage of their
situation
i'd say so you've
never missed a chance like that in your
life have you
late i have to go
i'm late as usual
by the way sharon and i are going to see
a film tonight
would you like to come
[Music]
thanks for the invitation jack um
but uh i prefer to stay home
anyway a possible new flatmate is coming
to take a look at the apartment and
his name's nick
well actually i've got to get things
tidied up
that's right cleanliness is next to
godliness huh
don't work too hard anne
perhaps nick is less tidy than alice and
i put together
oh no i lost the battle with you two but
it's time to put an end to all this
chaos
i'll ask him all the right questions and
but if i get the feeling he doesn't like
cleaning i won't let him in the door
hi sharon could i speak to you for a
moment
sure peter i'm listening
you know i thought a lot
about what you told me
well i have to admit you're right
i haven't been paying very much
attention to you
i won't be angry if you don't want to
stay with me
oh peter don't worry about me
just look forward to your musical
it's your big break isn't it
if you weren't so committed you wouldn't
be the man for the job now would you
you're a star right yes
i know it just isn't easy
imagining japan without you
it won't be easy for me either
but i'm sure it's the right decision for
both of us
i hope so if i were rich and famous
already
i'd send along my private jet so you
could visit me on weekends
yeah right the petrol alone would cost
you your fortune
who cares i'd be rich
so while i wait for you to bring your
career off
and become rich i might come visit you
maybe with anne but
if you're famous you'll forget all about
me
you'd let it go to your head and
wouldn't have time to take care of me
i couldn't keep up with all those
beautiful young actresses
how could i forget you sharon
by the way would you mind me taking that
beautiful photo of you
along to japan with me the one hanging
in the living room it'll help me when
i'm missing you
especially in the beginning
of course peter take it
i'll be happy to give it to you thank
you
well i have to get on with packing
one last thing
if we were to meet in a few years
in two apartments close to each other
you with your new boyfriend
would you pretend not to know me like
you did with jack
why do you ask me that
i don't know just curious
i guess it would be fun to meet you
somewhere else
and have a little secret between us too
okay sharon you remembered to buy the
beer right
of course i did and you managed to bake
the cake right
not yet i'm going to bake it this
afternoon
i still need to get some chocolate
actually
jack offered to get some for me he
promised to bring some before lunch
sorry but i can't help you with the cake
i have to take some tours to visit the
tate gallery
oh don't worry about it i'll have jack
to help me
he decided to stay home today to give me
a hand
just don't forget to tell tom david
mary and all the others don't worry
peter said he'd take care of it
i'm sure he's already got in touch with
everybody by phone
great everything is going as planned
oh don't forget to buy the present don't
worry how about getting an astrology
book
she'd love that absolutely she loves
reading those kinds of books
hmm i hope i can get it before i go to
work
by the way have you heard anything from
mr dubois but he told me
he expected to come but couldn't confirm
well you know how it is being so busy
and everything
it's hard for him to give a definite
answer one way or the other
i imagine being a stage director is
difficult
alice would be so happy if he comes yes
she will
anyway mom's the word if you say
anything
it won't be a surprise
hey everyone what are you up to oh
nothing important oh i almost forgot
happy birthday alice so
what have you arranged to do this
evening
well i considered celebrating with you
guys
i mean if you want to oh
i'm really sorry but well
jack has arranged to eat out this
evening with his colleagues and
he can't put it off now and well
i agreed to correct some reports
oh i see what about you
sharon oh i'm terribly sorry but i
agreed to go
to the theater with peter and he won't
be finished rehearsing before midnight
but i thought well i know we promised to
have a party
but why don't we postpone it
it's just not possible today what a
shame
i can't stand the thought of being all
alone on my birthday
hey is anybody home oh
that's right i forgot everyone's busy
this evening
what a shame i resent having to spend my
birthday all alone
hey what's happening here
surprise hi happy birthday to
you happy birthday
to you happy birthday
dear alex happy birthday
to you
i'm so happy i didn't expect to find
anybody here i thought i had to spend my
birthday
all by myself oh did you really think we
would forget to celebrate your birthday
well yes you played quite a trick on me
and you fell for it come on everyone
a toast to alice oh wait
wait before we make a toast
we have another surprise
another surprise daddy
good evening my name's nick how do you
do
how do you do nick my name's anne
it's a pleasure to meet you the pleasure
is all mine
so this is the apartment it's very
beautiful
and so clean and tidy i love cleanliness
i'd even say that i'm a maniac for
cleaning
really well yes my friends give me a
hard time
they say that i'm the mommy of the group
is that so my friend say the same thing
about me
there's another thing and to tell you
the truth it's a little embarrassing
i have another hobby which i adore
what would that be well
i just adore cooking
in fact can i take a look at the kitchen
are you okay and what
the kitchen do you think you could show
me the kitchen
oh um i'm sorry it's just that
well i love
cooking fantastic that way we can
experiment and try out new dishes
together
okay so
where is it right um
the kitchen is in there
[Music]
great roomy well-lit and tidy
just as i like it i've got to confess
that the kitchen is key to whether i
come to live here or not
oh um well nick
are you pleased i mean
with the apartment oh yes it's very
lovely
i like it very much not only the
apartment
thank you um
so when would you like to move in
well if it's all right i'll move in
tonight i just need some time to get my
things oh that's great well
i'll cook up some dinner while you get
your things
and then you can tell me what you think
i'm sure i'm not as good a cook as you
i'm not so
sure i'll go get my things i'll try to
hurry up and then i can give you a hand
you know what anne i think we're gonna
get along well
are you ready to order yes
i'll have chicken soup and grilled fish
please
remember the structure yes or you can
say
i'll have something and then please
sure anything to drink
iced tea please okay please
remember to be polite okay how about
dessert
not today thanks so if you are
the server or waiter or waitress you
have to remember the structure
first are you ready to order if the
customer
say says the food that he or she would
like to eat
and did you just say sure okay and then
continue
anything to three and then
okay how about dessert
hi what can i get you today or you can
say get you
what can i get you today let me see
let me think for a little bit i like
you can use i i'll have or i'd
like i would like it is polite
i like how salad please
okay okay i see okay how
salad i just want to make sure that
what i listen is correct
how salad
is the spaghetti spicy you want to
ask about the food you're not sure about
that
is the spaghetti spicy spicy
salty sour bitter things like that
yes it's pretty hot it's pretty hot
hot here means spicy ritty that means
quite that mean that means it's quite
spicy i think
i'll have steak with fries
then then or or so so
i think i'll have steak with fries
and a glass of a glass
and a glass of juice please
a glass remember color glass glass
a glass of juice juice
please sure remember sure
anything for dessert oh sorry anything
for dessert
anything for dessert the apple pie
is excellent no
thanks
eat
bar
about
thought thought
though though
fairy fairy
very very
s sip sip
[Music]
zip
[Applause]
okay pay
pay this one
bay bay
two two
good good this one
choice choice j
join join play
how often do you play sport for please
may i have your name please plenty
my sister has plenty of dresses
plastic put this plastic chair in the
kitchen
explain can you explain how it works
simply your answer is simply wrong
employer she's an excellent employer
for complete he has successfully
completed his mission
application we received your application
a week ago
people how many people are there in this
room
and principal my dad is a principal